added -s, --stand-alone-instance (#174)
metabrainz/picard-docs: appendices/command_line.rst

.. option:: -c CONFIG_FILE, --config-file CONFIG_FILE

>    location of the configuration file to use (starts a stand-alone instance)

Reviewer: Normally in help output you would write it something like this:

```suggestion
   location of the configuration file to use (implies ``--stand-alone-instance``)
```

.. option:: -P, --no-plugins

   do not load any plugins
   
.. option:: -s, --stand-alone-instance
                        

>    force create new Picard instance

Reviewer 2: Minor suggested change in the wording...  Perhaps "force Picard to create a new instance" may be a bit clearer?

Author: Okay, works for me, I'll change it in the Picard PR too.

Author: I'll add `independent`, too, to signalize that it won't communicate with other processes.

   display the long version information and exit

.. describe:: FILE_OR_URL

>    the file(s), URL(s) and MBID(s) to load

Reviewer 2: Should we include a brief description of the formats of the inputs?  Most people will probably understand the files and URLs, but not the required format for MBIDs.

Author: Agreed
